Update docs to include installation guide with building from source. (#949)
vllm-project/tpu-inference: docs/getting_started/quickstart.md

Author: Great point. Changed in the latest commit. Let me know what you think.

* **Python:** 3.11 or newer (3.12 used in examples).

---

## Installation

For detailed steps on installing `vllm-tpu` with `pip` or running it as a Docker image, please see the [**Installation Guide**](installation.md).

## Run the vLLM Server

After installing `vllm-tpu`, you can start the API server.

1. **Log in to Hugging Face:**
   You'll need a Hugging Face token to download models.

   ```shell
   export TOKEN=YOUR_TOKEN
   git config --global credential.helper store
   huggingface-cli login --token $TOKEN
   ```

2. **Launch the Server:**
   The following command starts the server with the Llama-3.1-8B model.

   ```shell
   vllm serve "meta-llama/Llama-3.1-8B" \
       --download_dir /tmp \
       --disable-log-requests \
       --tensor_parallel_size=1 \
       --max-model-len=2048
   ```

3. **Send a Request:**

Once the server is running, you can send it a request using `curl`:

```shell
curl http://localhost:8000/v1/completions \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d '{
        "model": "meta-llama/Llama-3.1-8B",
        "prompt": "Hello, my name is",
        "max_tokens": 20,
        "temperature": 0.7
    }'
```

## Next steps:

> Check out complete end to end examples [recipes here](https://github.com/AI-Hypercomputer/tpu-recipes/tree/main/inference/trillium/vLLM)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out complete, end-to-end example recipes in the [tpu-recipes repository](https://github.com/AI-Hypercomputer/tpu-recipes/tree/main/inference/trillium/vLLM)
```

nit: suggested wording
